Hello.  The Python3 and then the C++ implementation of this programming
language interpreter was written by me, Christian Øien.  None of it
was merely generated, but it was carefully thought out and written.
I do not see how the python implementation could be of any use, except
for development as a reference.  But the C++ implementation might be.
The following are a few words from me as author and creator of this work.

The mechanism employed to optain TCO, letret and the other language
macros, or the local scope name-lookup optimization, were found by myself,
after studying these problems, and not immitated from elsewhere.  The only
material I read on the scheme language was the r7rs specification, and
took as a challenge to figure out how to implement the interpreter.
Certain concepts such as call/cc or exact numbers were understood as
too complicated or laborious for me to attack.  Certain other concepts
such as arriving at separating comma-at into two independent operators
that when combined fulfill standard scheme behavior, was a result of my
mentioned approach of studying the concepts and taking the challenge as
a puzzle.  The deviating behavior where set! will be observed on a value
instead of substituting the entry in the respective scope, or observed
as pass-by-reference, was an implementation accident based on initial
misconceptions.  When this was propperly grasped, I kept the deviation
in place in order to conserve the benefit of my list-optimization where
kept as a contiguous array until cdr-used or otherwise a second reference
given out:  Duplicating frequently as opposed to taking references would
too probably transition lists their cons-chain representation and result
in lost benefit of the contiguous array layout.  Having mentioned these
subjects, I now state that the objective was to provide an interpreter
for a small language that could possibly be quick to start and run, and
usefull as a system scripting language.  Please understand that despite
that "define" duplicates as needed, the interpreter is not conforming
to r7rs semantics, and contains only a subset of the features:  The
only number type is the integer, and there is no exception mechanism.
That said, it may be useful as a replacement in certain cases of system
scripting, and is both embeddable and extensible.  My hope is that it
may serve you.

20xy Christian Øien, author of Humble Scheme

